my earliest memory is really vivid
because it was embarrassing wards when I
was about six or seven years old and it
was at a family garden party at a
friend's house and I jumped into the
swimming pool and had this little wonder
woman bikini on it came off it was cheap
fabric my dream dance partner would have
been Daddy Warbucks from the movie Annie
I always wanted to play Annie but I was
never read enough and I was also too
tall to play Danny when I auditioned
when I was 11 damn these indulgence for
me is definitely shopping shop a lot I
shop online mount control rainy and my
fancy dress costume of choice would be
the kids from fame because I love the
kids from fame when I was growing up so
if we like track to high top trainers
sweatbands do lots of jumpstart jumps
really bad star jumps if i was invisible
for the day I would I'd stop Bruce
full-size I want to see what he gets up
to when he's not a strictly